let's take a few minutes to go over your
screen this particular screen is your
home screen as indicated by the green
light behind your house in the top
toolbar first we see stitches per inch
you can plus or minus those to your
personal preference simply by touching
the plus or minus button below that we
have speed which is not active right now
because we're in regulated mode beneath
that we have the timer which tells you
how many minutes you've been stitching
next to that is how many stitches you
have stitched you can reset either of
those at any time by simply pressing the
reset button beneath the item and it
will go back to zero in the middle we
have stitch modes right now we're in
regulated mode when you're in regulated
mode the machine will stitch as you move
and give you stitch regulations so when
you speed up the motor will speed up and
when you slow down the motor will slow
down remember when we attach the end
coders we talked about how the encoders
were what tells the needle to move up
and down so that's where those encoders
rolling smoothly on the track is very
important
beneath regulated we have idle in idle
mode it is a regulated mode so it will
give you stitch regulation but when you
stop moving the needle will continue to
move up and down at whatever rate of
speed you have selected in your speed
column
the next mode we have is based when
we're in the based mode you'll notice
that we get three stitches per inch and
that's two based your quilt across the
top or down the sides our next mode is
ruler mode and in ruler mode this allows
you to use your rulers and the Machine
will not shut itself off of regulation
as quickly as it does when you're in
regulated mode so that you have time to
move your ruler reposition it and start
stitching again our last mode is manual
mode when you're in manual mode there is
no stitch regulation so if you move the
Machine faster you're gonna get smaller
stitches if you move this machine slower
you're gonna get longer stitches you can
adjust the speed that your needle moves
it's going to move at a steady rate of
speed so you can adjust that with your
plus or minus buttons to a position that
you're comfortable with on the right
side of the screen we have our needle up
and needle down positions as well as our
handlebar controls the handlebar control
icons on the screen match the handlebar
controls on your handles however they
are also active on the screen so when
you touch one it will do the function
that it was programmed for as well if
you press it on the handlebars so you
can do either
our next icon is our lights this is
where you'll go to turn your lights on
or to turn them off we also have a
backlight function if you'd like to so
with glow-in-the-dark thread we can
activate the backlight your dimmer to
brighten or dim your lights simply touch
the plus or minus our next icon is the
file menu in here you'll find a
calculator which operates just like your
calculator at home so you can do your
math right on the screen you'll find
your save settings option so if you have
changed your stitches per inch if you've
changed your speed settings and you'd
like to save those so that they come
back on when you turn your machine back
on simply come into your file menu and
select save settings you'll find a
couple options on your advanced menu the
first one is the time out what time out
is is when you're in regulated mode if
you stop moving your machine for if it's
set at 5 for 5 seconds then your machine
is going to shut the regulation off you
can adjust that number to wherever
you're happy the default is 5
we also have system information this
will tell you the version software
version of your machine if we update the
machine or the software you would do it
from this advanced menu we would give
you detailed directions at that time on
how to do an update system log is an
information that you might need to use
with a service technician maintenance
will tell you how long your machine has
been in use and when you need to oil and
clean it it's just kind of a reminder
after you clean it you'll want to reset
it so that it goes back to zero the last
option you have on your file menu is
Diagnostics in Diagnostics you will only
use this with a service technician it
will help the technician diagnose any
problems you might be having with your
machine
our next icon is sewing parameters in
your sewing parameters you have the
option of how you want your machine to
stop when you press the stop button on
the handle we can set it to stop in a
certain needle position which was on
your home screen you could stop with the
needle up or the needle down we can
choose for it to stop instantly when you
touch the stop on your handle so
wherever the needle is in the cycle is
where it will stop or we can choose for
it to do a tie off stitch every time you
touch the stop on the handlebars if
you're choosing tie off you can also
choose how many tile stitches you would
like it to do
the next icon we have is the ruler this
is so that you can actually measure a
quilt block so you would simply move
your machine to where you want to start
press your set start move the machine to
where you want to measure the end of and
press stop the last icon is for if you
have purchased the optional quilt artist
automated quilting system when you touch
that icon it will toggle to the quilt
artist program thank you for taking the
time to watch this video I hope it helps
you understand your machine better